hello guys welcome to my tutorial and
today we're going to learn on how to
make a Enderman trap so yeah so first
step is to survive at the slums is
really stupid so yeah so first step is
to dig three block deep and skip a block
in there and there you go so place the
torch in there and I just in there and
make sure it's not obvious that there's
there's a trap in there so yeah now
place your sticky piston like that and
whatever your trap is switch mine is
angled or which Endermen one pick up on
this bar people so if you're in the most
updated server and you want to kill
someone just do this and just cover it
up
so yeah that's how you do that and
that's pretty much it so that's pretty
much part of the design and and you can
want it big just do that the bigger the
better so yeah and make sure you put
like that because if they reveal this
they will know that there's a trap in
there TNT so yeah so let's switch to
survival and let's take it yeah it's too
slow let me get a diamond you go so and
there you go and you can cut this by the
way I forgot to cut it and it should
explode very well so this pretty much it
for today's tutorial and by the way like
I said this is not mine if you find a
person that created this just sit just
say I said hi okay I'm just kidding so
whatever so please comment rate or
subscribe if you liked the video is
thumbs up so yeah bye guys
you